Welcome!
In this lesson, you will learn about Foley's Data and Monitoring products!
Topics covered include:
Overview of Products
Market segments and Personas
Insurance and Risk Pains
Pains they solve
Value of each product
How it works
Quiz
It will take approximately 15 minutes to complete this lesson.
Let's get started!
Foley has 3 products that help customers manage risk and stay up to date on what's going on with their compliance data and their fleet.
This includes, MVR Monitor, Audit Risk Monitor, and CSA Monitor.
Back of the flip card
MVR Monitor
Performs a daily review of all driver licenses for any updates or changes. This includes, speeding violations, DWI, license updates, and medical certificate downgrades. As a Foley customer get alerted as soon as a change is caught.
The data comes from the state licensing agency.
Back of the flip card
Audit Risk Monitor
A monthly compliance data wrap-up that includes CSA Measure, Foley Compliance Score, and score changes over time. It helps Foley customers keep up to date on their compliance health so they can act fast if their scores start to slip.
This data comes from within Foley Software and FMCSA BASIC data.
Back of the flip card
CSA Monitor
CSA Monitor gives you daily, real-time insights into your compliance scores and driver activity. It lets you know any time there is a violation, crash, or inspection to report with your fleet. You also get weekly trending data. Foley checks your FMCSA portal every single day and lets you know within 24 hours of any updates in the portal.
This data comes from the FMCSA Portal.
Industry
DOT-Regulated
Target Market Segments
Small Market
Mid-Market
Enterprise
Personas
Persona|Use Cases|
Safety/Compliance Managers|No more surprises with driver activity or compliance scores. Get notified the very next day

Build safety programs based on trends seen in your data

Stay on top of compliance scores and take action to reduce risk of audit

Crashes/violations sometimes get reported with the wrong information due to user error in reporting. You can find these mistakes ahead of time and dispute them sooner to avoid damaging your safety scores and insurance, rates.|
HR Managers|Reward safe drivers based on the data

Build driver training and onboarding programs that align with where there might be gaps|
Fleet Managers|Use trends from vehicle inspection data to understand resources (parts, $, time), resource allocation, and monitor fleet performance.|
Finance/Risk|Prioritize programs that help reduce insurance premiums, reduce costs, and mitigate risk for the business|

Please note that CSA Monitor can only be sold with MSA Deals. It is not supported to sell through Velocity at this time.
Did you know that if companies use tools like Foley's data and monitoring products, they can lower their insurance premiums?!
Insurance premiums climb higher when compliance scores fall and when there are a lot of driver violations.

By having monitoring tools, they can go back to their insurance agents and prove that they are proactively managing risk.

This will help companies that hire drivers lower their risk, reduce costs by lowering insurance premiums, and also reduce their chances of being audited.
Customer Pain Points:
Too many drivers to keep track of and too much going on in the company
Lack of visibility into compliance and driver activity. This leads to getting notified too late about critical details of an incident
Manually tracking driver activity and compliance scores takes a long time and is difficult to prioritize
Our costs and Insurance premiums keep climbing due to unsafe driver behaviors. We don't know how to lower our insurance premiums
Incorrect reporting on our driver and company impacts our CSA Scores and cost of doing business.
Here are some Benefits/Value Propositions of CSA Monitor:
Back of the flip card
Better Inform Your Business
Foley’s CSA Monitor provides you with valuable, up-to-date insights into your fleet so you can identify growth opportunities and reduce risk.
Back of the flip card
Stay Compliant
Use the data you receive to spot risks before they occur and reduce your chance of being audited.
Back of the flip card
Build Programs
Use data to build driver training programs, reward good drivers, and create incentives.
Back of the flip card
Reduce Uncertainty and Gaps
Make informed decisions quickly, so you can stay on track.
Back of the flip card
Save Time
Save weeks of time a year spent on pooling together inspection and violation information to create actionable results across your organization.
Back of the flip card
Lower Insurance Premiums
See reductions in insurance premiums as safe driver behavior increases.
Getting started with CSA Monitor is simple for the customer.
All Foley needs is:
Driver DOT #s
Email addresses the CSA Monitor should send to.
Foley will ask for access to the customer's FMCSA Portal data. Once accepted, Foley automatically pulls driver activity and CSA data and reports back to the customer any time there are changes.

